Certain suspensions are one of certain people reinstated.
Because because you did not want anyone to lose these jobs because of your client's
association, that's right.
I know you have that phrase.
I might just throw you some other phrase of time to buy an idea of time for a party.
Otherwise, some of these individual versus spend with them from the secret radar laboratories
because not because they're going into individual actions but because of their close association
which come to that threat.
I don't know about that threat there.
If you send a individual case or do you can get them out and have them testify?
So I don't have them at night.
I'm not going to ask you to take you to a 35-tap.
I assume this matter was a sufficient importance to you, the secretary.
I can want to review all of the cases.
This time you would know whether or not some of them were suspended because of their close association
with either no one or suspected asking our patients, either no one or suspected come.
That's right.
I read a statement yesterday in sign of a card that you have in connection with the 35 cases.
I read it in the director.
I'm an in-state member of your council for fairy-tory.
I am on the note now about you yourself.
I know a lot of this.
You've got to be extremely important to us.
Of course, you must be the role of these cases.
I know of it.
I know of these total numbers involved.
But I do not know the details of the individual case and senator.
I'll be glad to look up to any one that you want to look up.
No, no, you means the term of your class association.
You work with money and the loses jobs because of your class association.
When you make a statement, get your run on mine.
Some of these individuals might lose their job.
Because of association, you're coming with not-for-did-you-never mind.
I didn't have to ask what I had in mind was to try and convey to the committee
a probably rather tired language.
The idea that in carrying out this job and doing it right for the American people
and always resolving doubts and favor the American people,
but at the same time, we ought not to be unfair or work hard just to serve on individuals.
I'm not necessarily.
That's what I find something to let me ask you a little.
When I make a statement, I ask what you know.
For several days, the SBI has first received a squad and will make a 40-team with my committee.
I think that that job won my came with the committee the next morning.
For years, we had a squad.
We produced the admins, like his 200-odd win, FBI, and working under him produced the admins.
It resulted in the conviction of the half-stringed communists, the second-stringed communists,
working in the Rosenberg case, all their communists case was tied up last November,
years, and you said you don't want anyone who was associating with communists
or something else, but lose their job because of how association you used to create
that you, even with the cards, and lose these jobors, and I'm especially interested in this.
Mr. Carly is a losing job because the parents had a cause of an association
with some of them, or perhaps the Amritschuk communists, or whatever, because the fact of violence
and did not correct the chairman from the chair allegedly asked you for improper consideration
for some of the crimes.
I just wonder if you don't think the Mr. Carly is affording my account.
Mr. Carly is not losing job because of guilt-by-spire, if you feel that people family make
problems right-wing, just not losing their job because the association is coming with that
question too about.
That's a pretty long question, time and my time.
It's very very important, Bob.
Do you think we could have a red box?
I think we're nearly happy to have this red box in which the senate can break it down in shorter seconds.
I think it looked like a red box, and if the secretary is here, we count after it, he's here for too long.
Sorry, I don't know if he was in the prime record now.
Why don't we get back?
Let me answer this, my team is there.
Oh, what's in the FTI?
The record is flawed.
I'm a 90-40-king with my committee.
And he quit that job when I came with a committee in the next morning.
And for here, if you were to have that squad, you could have the average, with two under that,
and then FTI and M4 under them, for you to have this with the government, the conviction of the top-screen comment,
and you have to bring confidence.
And he worked on the road and work cases and all other commentations over the last number of years.
Do you say you don't want anyone to go to the committee or something you had in the next release of your job to participate in those cases?
To communicate with your field, if the card deduces job, or if the catchy specification, if the card deduces job to participate in those cases,
I'll give the association a tandem of projects in Mr. Carl's, or rather, because he's that solid and did not correct the German,
what the German allegedly had in the BBM for improper consideration for some private.
I just wonder if you don't think that Mr. Carl is without standing background, don't you think he did not lose his job because of guilt by thought?
If you feel like people have been in the top 4, 3, or 3, they have lose their job because they were associated with comment.
I have a question, and thank you so much for a question from me.
Well, I was just one by all the fact that the German had missed the sentence in this sentence.
It's starting up.
I was saying, Mr. Secretary, and at any time, when I asked you for a sentence too long, and I must be in fact, if I have an idea,
then I have a question, if I have a question, then it's not a right idea. If you feel a question too long,
and you've got my attention, I will certainly try and break it down.
We must need less subjects to find being in session right now.
I'll give that a...
You said that you felt that General Lawson was like, finding top officers, right?
Yes, sir?
What do you have to do with the Secretary of State Promotion of General?
Do you think it anything?
That's done by the board. Select General's promotion.
Move points to the board.
But the board's there. Affirmative.
I'll find the board. You'll find the board.
I guess the suggestions of the Chief of State are...
I'm very concerned for promotion with the firm.
I'm concerned that the individual who passed over the question will feel the fact that you described General Lawson as a fine top officer who could be partly agree.
I think he's one of the best, firmly often, to my overcome and come back.
And thank God, he has, he has got, or we wouldn't have had any success in the course of longness here.
Now, I am concerned about this because of the custom one of its will be prepared to be like the Lawson's dead state, hitting south the hit block right below the committee, who are killing promotions.
I find that something's dead still with the motion.
For example, I have a list here with the Secretary and I stated that October, we'll be detecting the firm on the Brigadier General.
Considering for promotion with the firm as Major General October, 1950, 28, that the supply to it by...
...that I have these...
...sector's message.
...that the supply to it is the sector by your department.
Some of the meetings are in the area to where the one of their other things.
We find law firm was up for promotion, passed over to find the market was up for promotions from all...
...and find the right over her up for promotion from all of them.
Now, the right over her, she done quite a bit, she didn't like the right over her, the man who was responsible for returning, threatening the vegetables.
Let's, let's, let's, let's let the business writers begin.
The, when a man was first the friend of that working woman, he was caged from the past to go to the first Army Law of the Board of the rest.
In the first Army Law of the Board, I wanted to give a sizable number of red-iron workers on the ground of the Royal Geo Security.
I'd have to check it out to the department of the Carthage.
Well, if we just ask the madam, you know, who's the boss?
Who's the boss? Who's the number's man?
I can't let your madam testify on the things that he knows about.
But you, you, you do not know now, it's likely that wasn't so deep, right? I had a lot of investigation.
You just do not know.
Last, prior to our investigation, we've been in over a number of years.
Some 30-finals in the business, advent of spenders, as workers, finding these were entered by the first Army Law of the Board.
The 33, I think these figures are correct, so later departments are giving them some.
33, were ordered reinstated by the Pentagon Supreme Board, Royal Board Call of the Committee, or they're sent back to the radar lab at first.
When was this the decide center? I don't know the year, this is fire of your...
I don't know your, I'm sure it's not for them, because I'm doing the first part of your business.
I don't recall any, but tell me the family's experience, since I've been that secretary of the Army.
I don't recall any, but the mechanism is just something to tell me.
I also like it from me to take the exemption to one thing that Senator McCarthy said.
Instead of it having nothing for designers, General Lawham, it can be checked on the records.
But he would have gotten no cooperation or gotten over at Fort Mama.
I object to that violently.
But General Lawham knows that he had my complete support in this work.
And whether General Lawham has been at Fort Mama's or not, the secretary of the Army would have seen to it.
That focal operation would have been forthcoming and something would have been done about it at Fort Mama's, whether or not Lawham was there.
Mr. Chairman, may I make this statement?
Council, time is now here, you certainly may.
All ready to the secretary.
I do not think it propered a solo and so advanced in the committee to direct an inquiry to the respective Fort Mama's prior to the installation of Mr. Stevens.
The secretary of the Army, Mr. Chairman, ever occurred or didn't, that occurred to him.
No wise, reflect upon him or add credit to it.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
And I think the apparent account of that enough.
For the follow-up of the line of pressing your fancy, he didn't put in force, but the purpose is and I'm blamed for that.
This is being pursued to show what happens to a General who is responsible
and known Mr. Stevens as far as we know of, he is responsible for reinstated.
Standing back to the secret red alive, sorry, individuals that have been found on the death of the first one of the board.
Mr. Chairman, unless Mr. Stevens is shown to have any part of that, or to have had knowledge of it and acquiesced in it, I advise this committee that it is wholly irrelevant and incomprehensible.
Well, now that I won't forgive the plan, I won't forgive the point now because one time for pressing the other's part, I'll have to correct my perfect time when I will.
Mr. Jenkins, any further questions?
No further questions.
Chairman.
Chair, ahead, sir.
Mr. Miss Allen?
No further questions.
Further.
Underdaction?
No further.
No further questions.
Senator McCarthy, there are ten minutes.
Mr. Jenkins, please.
No further.
Finally, I'm curious to get.
Well, we'll continue after this ten minutes.
We just about 12 minutes.
Please.
Are we right?
Mr. Jenkins, after this, I'm going to ask you a round of questions.
Well, ten minutes under the carpet and then we just...
It's a long check, you know.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Stevens, vote your answer in these questions.
And then I just want you to find out the purpose of the questioning.
Michael Werther, I understand, was the predecessor of...
General Law, is that right?
I think that's so.
I'd like to be sure of it.
There's a rather final case.
At Fort Monmouth, where they're not the many young men who perform the search by military police.
And some 40 or 45 of them are probably back figures.
The secret, the top secret, the color classified documents are found in the small.
You're called at tape, no?
I remember stuff.
Is this working?
It's timing.
I remember something about it, Senator.
The Christmas rolls, or the rather number of your watching chips,
the spending within the visual.
Is that correct?
I can't remember the name of the individual, but I told you sir, I've always case is specified to him.
I looked up if you would tell me to do so.
Well, I'm having within a limit of our presidential directives will supply over the information.
Now, our committee has printed you with all of these.
I don't know, I haven't seen it all.
Would you know what is available, Dr. Bob?
I presume that it would be, but I don't personally know if we have it all.
I mean, how many things?
I think it's too much to see anector say, an actor from a little bit, he seems to be adding to it.
It's probably a little better.
Yes, it's a good thing.
But I mean, how many things?
I mean, same as the secretary.
No, I'm away.
We do not make it available.
Do anyone else have the committee?
I think it's a good thing.
No, I'm away.
We do not make it available.
Do anyone else have the committee executive session testimony?
We did this in this case.
Act, your request, either freshman or student, Mr. Adams, is also not to Mr. Adams, who's
allowed to sit in on all executive sessions testimony with one exception.
Was one of our important exceptions that I know?
Yes.
I was letting the channels record testify.
He was excluded from the affairs that he had ordered to look at other officers not to testify.
In this valley, we will move with the hope that they might testify.
He was not present.
I think you put that in the form of a question for me rather than a statement.
I thought of that, correct?
I have a question, Red.
Do you mind?
Fire on the defense.
I don't know why I don't know why he rejected Mr. Adams.
My personal representative is from the representative of the Department of Army at that hearing.
I don't know why he rejected him.
Okay.
There are many events of exception at hearing.
He was present at all, all of a hearing.
That's right.
He's the majority of the door for open-choice.
I don't know why I'm personal now.
It's just that I have so much insight, though.
Good.
So, if there's no reason why you don't know, I would be able to win an up-and-early victory.
Well, I don't have the opportunity, sir.
I'm afraid of everything that goes on.
Every hearing of every committee with which we're connected.
I'd like to be able to let you know.
Well, we have Michael Durford.
We have Patrick Dunlund.
Did you know when Michael Durford was promoted that he had refused to suspend one of the young men who was suspended later by him after locking the victim's indeligiment trust in,
according to FBI reports that had been sent to your department,
who's known for the kind of young communist belief meetings with Rosenberg,
that has been investigated.
Mr. Chairman, that this round has nothing to my question, please.
That this round had removed from the laboratories and violations of all regulations.
That means home to 45 secret other classified documents.
Michael Durford refused to suspend them and had locked them dead,
and that there was serious objections to locked them in suspension of him.
That question is as competent and I value the Secretary not to answer it unless the Secretary was in office and promoted the General to whom Senator MacKide has referred.
Were you in office in 1953, well?
Yes, sir.
I'm going to 53.
Just to request your recollection that I hand you a list of promotions and ask you whether or not you were in office in a point of the board,
half the overlip motion of certain General's that someone else.
That's the worry on office of that time.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, my heart thinks I'm against.
I may need to help some General.
Young and deaf, he's one of the officers in the United States today about why he was here.
I'm glad he is here now.
I'm going to see one person now that says the chief.
I think you make the smoke when he helps your right-hand students.
But they certainly the fact is that the current is a very emotional.
In February, the list of entitled Cremelons Brigadier General,
and the other in the case of permanent promotions,
and I'd like to get down on the on-the-unfraction if I'm wrong.
I have one of the board and from there on, please, the action followed by law.
In other words, I have no right to change the recommendation of that board for the permanent promotion.
I use the life of the board, the board, in discretion, the science, which should be promoted to that right.
That's right.
And under the law, I can't change that.
And they turn on me like that.
We will just leave right under for a minute and shift to another General with the modem.
The manager's cartridge before the committee of General Parkridge,
when your cartridge was left right at five.
And most of the mis-appartures type of at-time.
He was the head of chief of staff, G2, in the town.
That was Richard C. Parkridge.
I don't recall his initials that I'm not a heir, I think that's right.
Many events, you were personally present during this executive testimony.
That's right.
Did you request for the committee not calling him on public questions?
To Eric, I'd like to ask, yes.
I thought I'd ask any customer by any second session.
I just got through telling you, Mr. McGrath.
It was likely I'd just got through asking you before you attended.
Did the executive testimony you said, yes, that's right.
Or, I said, no question, he just got to point me back to the session.
I just got to find the second session.
That's an interesting example.
Did you ask us not to call him on public questions?
I don't know.
I know yes.
That has the General Parkridge in the week.
We were not enthusiastic about that.
And our intelligence people called us public hearings.
We were not saying it was a natural thing.
And by the day, near a memory, remember,
he seems so good about the exact science books and things like that.
He should have remembered about the general.
Did you, the line memory of not good about the science books?
Well, I know one of the charges here is that he seems to work with science.
We did not make that charge, Mr. Chairman.
Is it in the water?
We did something or other, Senator McKenzie.
You know, well, we did not make that charge.
The question, Mr. Secretary, did you ask us not to call Mr. Parkridge in public questions?
I'm I very well done, sir.
Do you remember that you made these statements?
That you felt that he was approving himself so in confidence for that job.
That would be comfort to the enemy.
If they could watch him in public questions,
and see how uninvolved he was,
and therefore, you would appreciate it very much to do with not calling or word-to-doubting.
That's a lot of work there, kind of, McCarthy, and I cannot subscribe to it.
Well, there will be testimony with your secretary by number of witnesses on that.
I will not give you a bad habit.
I don't think I don't propose an attitude for a first thing in my collection, you understand.
But this matter I'm sure is a decision important to you with the secretary.
But the suspicion is important to you.
I'm slightly new and slightly accountable for my job here at one of our specifications.
That you must assert your memory.
You shouldn't know about other things.
You have to not to call Parkridge again, I mean, give these persons a second.
Think about it and then you can prove yourself really comfortable to the job.
That you are not going to move in any way.
And that the public would give you a stage in comfort to the enemy.
And we are taking a seat in place of individuals who are running our collections department.
Is that not the standard you like to have to do?
I may have suggested to you that I will rather not have in call, because I say we don't like to have our intelligence people,
a tearing public heritage.
And also, General Parkridge was not a main in particular good-looking.
No question about that.
I have to, but as far as talking about these comforts of the enemy,
why?
General Parkridge is a fine-out table full of long-wrecked behind us.
And a biohead end would be intangible of doing any technical behavior they can comfort to the enemy.
You know what? Let's not just see words in the present.
The President of the Army and the others would not give a lady comfort to the enemy.
Not because I miss my lessons in our pocket as far as I can understand that.
Your discipline is not a problem because if you give a lady comfort to the enemy
and make a statement to complete any compliments of those who can win my collection,
this is not a threat to the century when it is just a slow eye.
I have no recollection of that.
The President's subcommittee during this inquiry into the McCarthy Army controversy
has recessed the hearing for the lunch hour.
A little green convene in a couple of hours.